take your time
let's get going man we're gonna wait her
are you ready
what's going on
it's an ancient custom people leaving
the island pray here for a safe trip
shabbu didn't pray that day said if mrs.
Pope
that you're doing
that's enough there what's with that guy
kimahri ronso of the run sigh tribe he's
learned the fiends way of fighting
that's not what I meant
he's another unis Guardians huh
sometimes we don't understand him either
Temari doesn't talk much anyway me but
he has protected me since I was a child
a flyer that's your department
right true true why don't we let us
someone to show us what she's made of
your first real battle
see some style show us what your
training is touching
okay
goodbye
oh that's fascinating clothes you're
wearing
yeah self health this one cell all the
names not a walker
don't look like you got much money
either I've no business with you not
anyway who do you think you are I rock
are the 2010 merchant extraordinaire a
walker the who don't know me well not
many do
but some died the Naima Walker will be
stuck in all over Spira
say lad you wouldn't have a bit of
guilty lead I guess it pays to ask thank
you kindly that fine seed money for the
akka merchant Empire where it is that
summoners got noble blood I heard she's
Lord Braska
daughter you don't say Lord
roscas daughter
so is use father famous or something
she's a daughter of high Summa Nebraska
you saw his statue at the temple Lord
Braska defeated sin ten years ago Yul is
the heir to a great legacy it's tough
when your father's famous what is a bit
lacking in the imagination Department
thanks Lulu I'll keep that in mind